A long, long time ago in a land far, far away there was a magical mountain of flower and fruit.

At the top of this mountain was a stone egg, as large as a person. Over hundreds of years the seeds of heaven and earth, the essences of the sun and the moon all worked upon this stone egg until it became magically fertile.

One day, lightning struck the stone egg and out of it hatched a stone monkey!

This was no ordinary monkey! He could make himself big if he wanted to be big, he could be as big as the moon! He could make himself small, if he wanted to be small, he could be smaller than an ant! You see, this stone monkey was magical and he knew the art of the seventy-two transformations. He could transform into a tree or even a tiger or a dragon! For this reason, this stone monkey earnt the name "Monkey Magic."

One day, Monkey Magic, who was now King of the Monkeys, decided to pay a visit to the Great Dragon King of the Eastern Ocean. He heard that the Dragon King had many magical treasures and that he might have a magical weapon suitable for a magic monkey.

So he dived into the ocean, making the magic sign so he could even breathe under water. He swam past a Great White Shark. The shark would have eaten him, but he had heard the story of how Monkey Magic had defeated the Great Demon King, and instead, swam away in fright.

Arriving at the under-water jade green palace, Monkey Magic wrestled his way past the turtles who were guarding the palace gate and demanded the Dragon King give him one of his treasured weapons.

"Dragon King, I hear you have a weapon for Old Monkey!"

"We have a few weapons, but none suitable for a monkey." replied the Dragon King.

At that moment, the Dragon Princess entered the chamber.

"Great King, this is clearly no ordinary sage. That piece of rare magic iron has been glowing these past few days, perhaps as a sign"

The magic iron she was referring to was the measure by which Yu conquered the flood. Indeed it was glowing and about as large as a tree. No one could possibly lift it!

"No one?" asked Monkey Magic, taking it as a challenge.

Can you guess what happened next?

Monkey Magic lifted the magic iron! The Dragon King couldn't believe it!

But a piece of iron the size of a tree is not a practical size for a monkey. So Monkey Magic asked the magic iron to change, and it changed into half it's size. He asked it to change again and suddenly it was the perfect size for Monkey Magic and it fit perfectly in his hands.

Monkey Magic swung the iron rod back and forth. It weighed three thousand kilos. The jade green palace shook as Monkey played with his new weapon.

A magic stone monkey with a magic iron rod, is a recipe for disaster. Soon, word of Monkey Magic reached the Jade Emperor in Heaven.

The Dragon King pleaded with the Jade Emperor to subdue the Monstrous Monkey with his army of heavenly soldiers. The Jade Emperor was just about to issue the decree when the Old Spirit of Venus interevened.

"Highest and Holiest grace! A stone monkey, born of the sun and moon, with a body nurtured by Heaven and Earth. A monkey who has the power to subdue dragons and tame tigers. Dare I suggest Your Majesty, to remember the compassionate grace of Creation and to issue a decree of pacification?"

The Jade Emperor took heed of the wise Spirit Venus and issued the decree of pacification. He summoned Monkey Magic to heaven, wherein Monkey was awarded the title of "Divine Keeper of the Heavenly Stables".

One day in heaven is like one hundred years on Earth. Monkey Magic looked after the heavenly horses for several months. Keeping the horses happy, fed and watered.

One day, some Heavenly Officials came to congratulate Monkey Magic on a job well done.

"Tell me! What sort of rank am I?" asked Monkey Magic